# odin-recipes
This is my first project. I will be build a basic recipe website. It will consist of a main index page which will contain links to a few recipes. 
Within this project, I applied skills that allowed me to make directories (mkdir), files(touch), and other skills (cd,ls,cd .., etc.) that helped me start the initial phase of the project. I then had to work with GitHub and create a repository in which my local data would be able to get transferred to GitHub.
Initially I typed in git remote -v to the directory I was working to make sure I was in the origin. After, I had to copy the SSH link and add 'git clone' before adding the code into my terminal, located in my directory in which I was working with at the time. To check it, I used git status.
I then proceeded to open VScode by typing code . on the same line I defined the directory I was working with and added a few notes to the README.md. 
I then added the file by adding 'git add' where if I checked git status at the time went from 'Changes not staged for commit' to 'Changes to be commited.' The next command added was 'git commit' followed by a -m "" where I added a comment saying that the file README.md was being uploaded to GitHub. 
Proceeding that, I created multiple directories within the intial directry where I had to use skills from the boilerpot html to create a recipe book. 
Skills I incorporated into this process was adding headers, images and 'alt-ing' it to add a comment. I also had to savee images in these files I created in my directory and add them into my website, changing the name to make it easier to not only type out but source as well. I had to add a description where I incoprated paragraphs to space out certain information, not needing to bold or italicize anything. Then I had to create lists composed of unordered list to give the ingradients and then an ordered list, containing steps on how to use the ingredients to make the dish.
After I was able to create multiple recipes within each file I connected it to my initial index file using anchoring, hfer, target, and ref to add relative links of each file into the index to easier access each recipe on the website. 